Asteroid 1207 came spinning into the auxiliary ship's viewplate like a
glittering black mirage. The eight-mile chunk of rock was the last link
in a chain of nine asteroid navigational-markers still needing blinker
equipment installation. Minutes later, the _Minnow_ lay neatly berthed
in the deepest hollow of the asteroid, the shining wires of its drill
grapples anchoring it firmly to the jagged rock. The airlock opened
and two men in spacesuits stepped out. They climbed to the top of the
nearest hill dragging a platform of tools and equipment; the ragged,
close horizons of the asteroid made a hostile background for them as
they worked in silence.

Ballard leaned far over the rough edge of a circular pit, directing
the heat radiation beam that melted the foundation plastic smoothly
over the walls. He couldn't spare the time to turn his head and watch
Walton, but he could follow the other's progress in welding the
framework of the blinker tower by the irregular breathing and clanks
and buzzes coming through his earphones. He listened to Walton's
motions with an automatic alertness developed over six long weeks of
tension--ever since the finding of the rotenite nuggets on the second
of the light-marker asteroids. The rotenite represented enough wealth
to make them among the richest men in the solar system. Or one of
them--_the_ richest. That was what Ballard was afraid of.

Suddenly the clanks and rustles stopped, and Walton's voice muttered:
"Must have left the number three flux; better go back for it."

"What?" Ballard caught himself asking rhetorically, apprehension
flooding through him.

"I said I left something. Have to go back and get it." There was a
faint tremor in Walton's voice.